# BJJGraph: Files to Create - Clean List
Total Files: 447
Total Batches: 5

================================================================================

## Batch 1 (Files 1-100) ✅ DONE

✅ Batch completed @2025-10-13 - All 100 files created

source/content/Submissions/Triangle Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Guillotine Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Darce Choke.md
source/content/Positions/Open Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Transitions/Berimbolo.md
source/content/Transitions/Uchi Mata.md
source/content/Transitions/Harai Goshi.md
source/content/Submissions/Heel Hook.md
source/content/Positions/50-50 Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/50-50 Guard Top.md
source/content/Positions/Reverse De La Riva Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Side Control Top.md
source/content/Positions/Technical Mount Top.md
source/content/Positions/Truck Position Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Truck Position Top.md
source/content/Transitions/Hip Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Kouchi Gari.md
source/content/Transitions/Double Leg Takedown.md
source/content/Transitions/Shrimp Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Pull Guard.md
source/content/Transitions/Sasae Tsurikomi Ashi.md
source/content/Transitions/Triangle Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Knee Slice Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Snap Down.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Mount.md
source/content/Submissions/Triangle from Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura from Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Straight Footlock.md
source/content/Concepts/Submission Defense.md
source/content/Concepts/Back Escape Series.md
source/content/Concepts/Single Leg Variations.md
source/content/Positions/Kimura Control Position.md
source/content/Positions/Triangle Escape Position.md
source/content/Positions/Leg Entanglement Position.md
source/content/Positions/Knee on Stomach Top.md
source/content/Positions/Honey Hole Position Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Honey Hole Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Lockdown Half Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Kimura Trap Position.md
source/content/Positions/Z-Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/High Mount Top.md
source/content/Positions/Body Triangle Back Control.md
source/content/Positions/S-Mount Top.md
source/content/Positions/Inside Ashi Garami Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Inside Ashi Garami Top.md
source/content/Positions/Reverse Half Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Backside 50-50 Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Backside 50-50 Top.md
source/content/Positions/Collar Sleeve Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Transitions/Over-Under Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Berimbolo Entry.md
source/content/Transitions/Elbow Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/X-Guard Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/X-Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Single Leg Entry.md
source/content/Transitions/Technical Standup.md
source/content/Submissions/Omoplata from Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Americana from Mount.md
source/content/Submissions/Flying Armbar.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura from Side Control.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Back.md
source/content/Concepts/Knee on Belly Escape.md
source/content/Concepts/Front Headlock Series.md
source/content/Positions/Outside Ashi Garami Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Outside Ashi Garami Top.md
source/content/Positions/Darce Control Position.md
source/content/Positions/Lockdown Position Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Crucifix Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Headquarters Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Scarf Hold Top.md
source/content/Transitions/Long Step Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/North-South Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Arm Drag to Back.md
source/content/Transitions/Deep Half Entry.md
source/content/Transitions/Underhook Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Single Leg X Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Ghost Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Re-Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura from Half Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Americana from Side Control.md
source/content/Submissions/Triangle from Mount.md
source/content/Submissions/Outside Heel Hook.md
source/content/Submissions/Von Flue Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Brabo Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Monoplata.md
source/content/Submissions/Clock Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Paper Cutter Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Estima Lock.md
source/content/Submissions/Kneebar from 50-50.md
source/content/Concepts/Sprawl Defense.md
source/content/Concepts/Bridge and Shrimp.md
source/content/Transitions/Guillotine Setup.md
source/content/Transitions/Darce Setup.md
source/content/Positions/Seated Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Reverse Mount Top.md
source/content/Transitions/Anaconda Setup.md
source/content/Positions/Gift Wrap Position.md
source/content/Positions/Reverse Kesa Gatame Top.md
source/content/Positions/Turtle Position Top.md

================================================================================

## Batch 2 (Files 101-200) ✅ DONE

✅ Batch completed @2025-10-13 - All 100 files created

source/content/Positions/Standing Back Control.md
source/content/Transitions/Hook Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Overhook Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Matrix Back Take.md
source/content/Submissions/Japanese Necktie.md
source/content/Submissions/Ezekiel from Mount.md
source/content/Submissions/Suloev Stretch.md
source/content/Submissions/Crucifix Submissions.md
source/content/Submissions/High Elbow Guillotine.md
source/content/Submissions/Triangle from Back.md
source/content/Submissions/Aoki Lock.md
source/content/Submissions/Peruvian Necktie.md
source/content/Submissions/Short Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Baratoplata.md
source/content/Positions/Bottom Position Generic.md
source/content/Positions/Neutral Starting Position.md
source/content/Positions/Submission Position Generic.md
source/content/Positions/Guard Recovery Position.md
source/content/Positions/Quarter Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Underhook Control Position.md
source/content/Positions/Top Control Generic.md
source/content/Positions/Butterfly Hook Control Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Leg Hook Position.md
source/content/Positions/Knee Shield Position Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Underhook Position.md
source/content/Positions/Overhook Control Position.md
source/content/Positions/Crucifix Control Position.md
source/content/Positions/Modified Mount Top.md
source/content/Positions/Bottom Turtle.md
source/content/Positions/Submission Control Position.md
source/content/Transitions/Base Widening.md
source/content/Transitions/Posture Recovery.md
source/content/Transitions/Standing up in Base.md
source/content/Transitions/Guard Replacement.md
source/content/Transitions/Frame and Shrimp.md
source/content/Transitions/Submission Setup.md
source/content/Transitions/Submission Counter.md
source/content/Transitions/Back Take Generic.md
source/content/Transitions/Turtle Transition.md
source/content/Transitions/Position Change.md
source/content/Transitions/Side Control Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Transition to North-South.md
source/content/Transitions/Counter Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Takedown Defense.md
source/content/Transitions/Leg Lock Control.md
source/content/Transitions/Tap Out.md
source/content/Transitions/Guard Bottom Transition.md
source/content/Transitions/Arm Extraction.md
source/content/Transitions/Sweep Attempt.md
source/content/Transitions/Guard Retention.md
source/content/Submissions/Rear Naked Choke Setup.md
source/content/Concepts/Connection Breaking.md
source/content/Concepts/Control Maintenance.md
source/content/Concepts/Escape Fundamentals.md
source/content/Concepts/Guard Passing Principles.md
source/content/Concepts/Submission Chains.md
source/content/Concepts/Positional Hierarchy.md
source/content/Concepts/Risk Assessment.md
source/content/Concepts/Energy Conservation.md
source/content/Positions/De La Riva Guard Top.md
source/content/Positions/Spider Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Spider Guard Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Lasso Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Lasso Guard Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Worm Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Worm Guard Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Lapel Guard Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Lapel Guard Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Deep Half Guard Top.md
source/content/Positions/Knee Shield Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Z-Guard Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Cross Ashi Garami Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Cross Ashi Garami Top.md
source/content/Positions/Saddle Position Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Saddle Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Saddle Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Saddle Variations Top.md
source/content/Positions/Knee Slice Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Long Step Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Leg Weave Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Float Passing Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Modified Scarf Hold Top.md
source/content/Positions/Reverse Scarf Hold Top.md
source/content/Positions/100 Kilos Position Top.md
source/content/Positions/Twister Side Control Top.md
source/content/Positions/Kuzure Kesa Gatame Top.md
source/content/Positions/Kuzure Variations Top.md
source/content/Transitions/Leg Weave Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Headquarters Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Bodylock Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Pressure Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Butterfly Sweep Variations.md
source/content/Transitions/Spider Guard Sweeps.md
source/content/Transitions/Lasso Guard Sweeps.md
source/content/Transitions/De La Riva Sweep Variations.md
source/content/Transitions/Ankle Pick Sweep.md
source/content/Concepts/Mount Escape Series.md
source/content/Concepts/Side Control Escapes.md
source/content/Concepts/Armbar Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Single Leg Variations.md

================================================================================

## Batch 3 (Files 201-300) ✅ DONE

✅ Batch completed @2025-10-13 - All 100 files created

source/content/Transitions/Double Leg Variations.md
source/content/Transitions/Ouchi Gari.md
source/content/Transitions/Osoto Gari.md
source/content/Transitions/Tai Otoshi.md
source/content/Transitions/Seoi Nage.md
source/content/Transitions/Ippon Seoi Nage.md
source/content/Transitions/Morote Seoi Nage.md
source/content/Transitions/Foot Sweep Series.md
source/content/Transitions/Deashi Harai.md
source/content/Transitions/Kosoto Gari.md
source/content/Transitions/Kosoto Gake.md
source/content/Transitions/Turtle to Back Take.md
source/content/Transitions/Rolling Back Take.md
source/content/Submissions/Baseball Bat Choke Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Bow and Arrow Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Cross Collar Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Ezekiel Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Guillotine Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Loop Choke Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Breadcutter Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Straight Armbar.md
source/content/Submissions/Reverse Armbar.md
source/content/Submissions/Rolling Armbar.md
source/content/Submissions/Spinning Armbar.md
source/content/Submissions/Belly Down Armbar.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Americana Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Omoplata Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Reverse Kimura.md
source/content/Submissions/Tarikoplata.md
source/content/Submissions/Kneebar Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Heel Hook Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Toe Hold Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Calf Slicer Variations.md
source/content/Concepts/Leverage Principles.md
source/content/Concepts/Timing and Rhythm.md
source/content/Concepts/Action and Reaction.md
source/content/Concepts/Creating Reactions.md
source/content/Concepts/Offensive vs Defensive Mindset.md
source/content/Concepts/Guard Passing Concepts.md
source/content/Concepts/Guard Retention Concepts.md
source/content/Concepts/Sweep Mechanics.md
source/content/Concepts/Submission Defense Concepts.md
source/content/Concepts/Escape Hierarchy.md
source/content/Concepts/Dilemma Creation.md
source/content/Concepts/System Building.md
source/content/Concepts/Position Chains.md
source/content/Concepts/Game Planning.md
source/content/Positions/Lockdown Half Guard Variations Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Quarter Guard Top.md
source/content/Positions/Reverse Half Guard Top.md
source/content/Positions/Butterfly Hook Retention Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Single Leg X Position Bottom.md
source/content/Transitions/Spider Guard Variations.md
source/content/Transitions/Lasso Guard Variations.md
source/content/Positions/Russian Leg Lasso Bottom.md
source/content/Positions/Modified Mount Variations Top.md
source/content/Positions/Kuzure Kesa Gatame Variations Top.md
source/content/Positions/Back Control Standing Top.md
source/content/Transitions/Stack Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Smash Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Toreando Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Bullfighter Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Leg Drag Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Leg Drag Control.md
source/content/Transitions/Half Guard Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Knee Slice from Half.md
source/content/Transitions/Underhook Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Crossface Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/RDLR Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Spider Guard Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Lasso Guard Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Butterfly Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Butterfly Smash.md
source/content/Transitions/50-50 Pass.md
source/content/Transitions/Ashi Garami Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Saddle Defense.md
source/content/Positions/Closed Guard Top.md
source/content/Concepts/Knee Shield Retention.md
source/content/Concepts/Butterfly Hook Retention.md
source/content/Transitions/Upa Escape.md
source/content/Concepts/Hand Fighting from Back.md
source/content/Concepts/Chin Protection.md
source/content/Transitions/Posture Up.md
source/content/Transitions/Armbar Defense.md
source/content/Transitions/Hitchhiker Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Kimura Defense.md
source/content/Transitions/Rolling Kimura Escape.md
source/content/Transitions/Guillotine Defense.md
source/content/Concepts/RNC Defense.md
source/content/Concepts/Hand Fighting.md
source/content/Concepts/Defensive Frame.md
source/content/Concepts/Defensive Framing.md
source/content/Concepts/Distance Creation.md
source/content/Transitions/Whizzer.md
source/content/Transitions/Guillotine Counter.md
source/content/Transitions/Single Leg Finish.md
source/content/Transitions/Single Leg to Back Take.md
source/content/Transitions/Double Leg Setup.md
source/content/Transitions/Double Leg Finish.md

================================================================================

## Batch 4 (Files 301-400)

🔒 BATCH LOCKED until 2025-10-14 - 100 files assigned to agents 1-10 @2025-10-13 17:45:00

source/content/Transitions/Front Headlock Series Transition.md
source/content/Transitions/Ankle Pick.md
source/content/Transitions/High Crotch.md
source/content/Transitions/Fireman's Carry.md
source/content/Transitions/Sitting Guard Pull.md
source/content/Transitions/Jumping Guard.md
source/content/Positions/Collar Ties Position.md
source/content/Positions/Underhook Battle Position.md
source/content/Positions/Overhook Control Clinch.md
source/content/Positions/Body Lock Position.md
source/content/Positions/Double Unders Position.md
source/content/Concepts/Grip Break.md
source/content/Concepts/Grip Fighting Strategies.md
source/content/Concepts/Sleeve Control.md
source/content/Concepts/Collar Control.md
source/content/Transitions/Front Headlock to Darce.md
source/content/Transitions/Front Headlock to Anaconda.md
source/content/Positions/Seat Belt Control Back.md
source/content/Submissions/Rear Naked Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Bow and Arrow Choke.md
source/content/Transitions/Guillotine from Turtle.md
source/content/Transitions/Darce from Turtle.md
source/content/Transitions/Anaconda from Turtle.md
source/content/Transitions/Crucifix from Turtle.md
source/content/Transitions/Arm Triangle from Turtle.md
source/content/Transitions/Turtle to Guard.md
source/content/Transitions/Turtle to Standing.md
source/content/Transitions/Granby Roll.md
source/content/Transitions/Rolling to Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Crucifix.md
source/content/Submissions/Choke from Crucifix.md
source/content/Submissions/Twister.md
source/content/Submissions/Banana Split.md
source/content/Submissions/Crotch Ripper.md
source/content/Submissions/Marce Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Ten Finger Guillotine.md
source/content/Submissions/Chin Strap Guillotine.md
source/content/Submissions/Darce Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Anaconda Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Anaconda Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Brabo Variations.md
source/content/Positions/Front Headlock Control Position.md
source/content/Transitions/Front Headlock to Back.md
source/content/Transitions/Front Headlock to Guillotine.md
source/content/Transitions/Japanese Necktie Setup.md
source/content/Transitions/Peruvian Necktie Setup.md
source/content/Submissions/Cross Collar Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Bow and Arrow Choke Variations.md
source/content/Submissions/Loop Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Loop Choke from Mount.md
source/content/Submissions/Ezekiel Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Baseball Bat Choke.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Side Control.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Triangle.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Closed Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Spider Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from De La Riva.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Half Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Turtle.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Standing.md
source/content/Submissions/Armbar from Back with Legs.md
source/content/Submissions/Monoplata from Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Monoplata from Mount.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura from Mount.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura from Turtle.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura from North-South.md
source/content/Submissions/Kimura from Standing.md
source/content/Transitions/Rolling Kimura.md
source/content/Transitions/Kimura to Back Take.md
source/content/Submissions/Triangle from Closed Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Triangle from Spider Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Triangle from De La Riva.md
source/content/Submissions/Triangle Setup.md
source/content/Transitions/Triangle to Armbar.md
source/content/Transitions/Triangle to Omoplata.md
source/content/Transitions/Triangle to Back.md
source/content/Submissions/Inverted Triangle.md
source/content/Transitions/Omoplata to Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Omoplata to Back.md
source/content/Submissions/Rolling Omoplata.md
source/content/Submissions/Gogoplata.md
source/content/Submissions/Straight Ankle Lock.md
source/content/Submissions/Achilles Lock.md
source/content/Submissions/Inside Heel Hook.md
source/content/Submissions/Kneebar from Top.md
source/content/Submissions/Kneebar from Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Kneebar from Half Guard.md
source/content/Submissions/Flying Kneebar.md
source/content/Submissions/Toe Hold from 50-50.md
source/content/Submissions/Toe Hold from Top.md
source/content/Submissions/Calf Slicer from Truck.md
source/content/Submissions/Calf Slicer from 50-50.md
source/content/Transitions/Scissor Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Pendulum Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Flower Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Half Guard Sweeps.md
source/content/Transitions/Underhook Sweep from Half.md
source/content/Transitions/Old School Sweep.md
source/content/Transitions/Lockdown Sweeps.md
source/content/Transitions/Arm Drag Sweep.md

================================================================================

## Batch 5 (Files 401-447) ✅ DONE

✅ Batch completed @2025-10-13 18:15:00 - All 47 files created by agents 1-10
